Update private-images.md (#668)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/packaging/private-images.md

## Replicated Private Registry

When using the Replicated Private Registry, you have 3 options to connect with the `registry.replicated.com` container registry:

> 1. Use `docker login registry.replicated.com` with a Vendor portal [Service account](/vendor/cli/tokens/#service-accounts) or [Team](/vendor/cli/tokens/#team-tokens) token as the credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `docker login registry.replicated.com` with a Vendor portal [Service account](/vendor/cli/tokens/#service-accounts) or [Team](/vendor/cli/tokens/#team-tokens) token as the password (any username will be accepted here).
```
